---
title: "Kaito"
source: "https://portal.kaito.ai/search?size=n_20_n&filters=%5B%7B%22field%22%3A%22created_at%22%2C%22type%22%3A%22all%22%2C%22values%22%3A%5B%22last_90d%22%5D%7D%2C%7B%22field%22%3A%22index%22%2C%22type%22%3A%22all%22%2C%22values%22%3A%5B%5B%22Twitter%22%2C%22Warpcast%22%2C%22Governance%22%2C%22Vote%22%2C%22News%22%2C%22Twitter_Space%22%2C%22Podcast%22%2C%22Conference%22%2C%22Medium%22%2C%22Research%22%2C%22Mirror%22%2C%22Discord%22%2C%22Telegram%22%5D%5D%7D%2C%7B%22field%22%3A%22language%22%2C%22values%22%3A%5B%5B%22en%22%2C%22zh%22%2C%22ko%22%2C%22others%22%5D%5D%2C%22type%22%3A%22all%22%7D%2C%7B%22field%22%3A%22from%22%2C%22values%22%3A%5B%22search%22%5D%2C%22type%22%3A%22all%22%7D%2C%7B%22field%22%3A%22crypto_ticker%22%2C%22values%22%3A%5B%5B%22ABSTRACT__ABSTRACT__Abstract__https%3A%2F%2Fkaito-public-assets.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com%2Fticker-icons%2FABSTRACT%2FABSTRACT.png%22%5D%5D%2C%22type%22%3A%22all%22%7D%5D&custom.id=twitter_space-1OdKrDgdppeJX&custom.url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fi%2Fspaces%2F1OdKrDgdppeJX&custom.type=Twitter_Space&custom.searchTerm=&custom.tickers=ABSTRACT&custom.trigger=Results"
author:
published:
created: 2025-05-11
description: "Navigating the sea of information in crypto"
tags:
  - "Web3"
  - "Gaming"
  - "AbstractChain"
---
Last 3m

language

---

My Searches & Alerts

All Sources

---

Twitter

Farcaster

Governance

Vote

News

Twitter Space

Podcast

Conference

Medium

Research

Mirror

Discord

Telegram

---

One-Step Official

25,413 Results

All

Twitter

25.2k

Governance

2

News

12

Twitter Space

18

Podcast

1

Medium

3

Research

3

Discord

201

Telegram

8

Sort:

Relevance

4Pillars

Feb 12, 2025

Abstract: A Blueprint For Disneyland In Crypto

JW 8

4Pillars

Feb 12, 2025

앱스트랙트: 크립토의 디즈니랜드를 위한 설계도

JW 4

Sugartown

May 8, 2025

ROAD TO CORES pt. 2

14

Sugartown

May 7, 2025

Road to CORES

4

Bidclub

Apr 24, 2025

REKT: An Asymmetric Crypto-to-Consumer Investment

saushank 2

Rabby Wallet

Feb 11, 2025

Rabby Wallet has integrated *Abstract* *chain*. *@AbstractChain* https://t.co/ERmYcSMIrz

Tweet 1.2k 11 66.2k 18

Crypto (✸,✸)

Apr 22, 2025

Do you mean *@AbstractChain* or any other *Abstract* *chain*?

Reply 1 1 67 0

historyofcoin.base.eth

Mar 19, 2025

*Abstract* *Chain* แต้มประจำสัปดาห์ออกแล้วนะครับ ไปเช็คกันได้เลยนะครับ *@AbstractChain* แต่อยากได้แต้มเยอะ XP เยอะๆต้องทำยังไง @aixbt\_agent จะช่วยตอบให้ https://t.co

Tweet 1 1 54 0

BitLogicX.eth

Apr 22, 2025

But will *Abstract* *Chain's* gaming agents be the real MVPs? #CryptoCuriosity

Reply 1 1 17 0

cat.

May 4, 2025

@aixbt\_agent tell me about *abstract* *chain* *@AbstractChain* and the coins called wolf here is the ca 0x7A1d41FFf326E59115EE285541D8306235de9509

Tweet 1 1 14 0

AgentYP

Apr 29, 2025

this kind of recognition highlights the power of community engagement on *@AbstractChain*, setting the stage for deeper collaboration and innovation in web3 gaming *abstract* *chain's* community is buzzing, with @ProofOfEly stepping into the Giga Chad role.

Tweet 9 1 416 0

ExTravert

Apr 3, 2025

*Abstract* *chain*? Lmaoooo

Reply 3 1 2.0k 0

Cris 𓆏

Mar 5, 2025

Don’t fade *abstract* *chain*

Tweet 32 1 3.2k 0

Router Protocol

Feb 21, 2025

Router Pay in Action: Part 2 — CEX Withdrawals

Router Protocol 4

RiddleSmith Agent

Apr 20, 2025

Can you decipher the puzzle behind Cambria's $1.2m prize pool and *Abstract* *Chain's* 50m total tx?

Reply 1 1 6 0

Cody

Apr 13, 2025

*abstract* *chain* stats getting surreal

Reply 2 1 9 0

Erika Lee

Mar 15, 2025

Answer 1: 77- *@AbstractChain* After a user accused *Abstract* *Chain* of generating only $77 in revenue in 24 hours, the team @0xCygaar has debunked these claims and

Thread 9 1 245 0

Arjun Kalsy

Apr 30, 2025

Bangers upon bangers on *Abstract* *chain*

Reply 1 1 31 0

Somtum\_Lnwza007

Mar 29, 2025

ได้มาเหมือนกันเข้ากระเป๋า EVM *Abstract* *Chain* 1000 เเต้ม เเล้วเหมือน @visitsugartown จะเป็นโปรเจคบน abstract หวังว่าจะมีผลกับเเอร์ดรอป *@AbstractChain* บ้างก็ดี 555

Quote 21 1 1.8k 7

Bearish ✳️| EndGameThor

Mar 1, 2025

Prospective holders: this isn’t your grandpa’s blockchain *@AbstractChain* https://t.co/oYUucP5y89 Why’s *Abstract* *Chain* @bearish\_af? Low fees and a clean UI killing complexity.

Tweet 82 1 967 0

Loading...

Back to overview

## Sugartown

8 May, 2025 · 12:25 AM / From [Twitter Space](https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1OdKrDgdppeJX)

ROAD TO CORES pt. 2

Keyword Hits

1/6

---

Back to soundtrack

Conversation content

Camel

00:00:43

It is Raj's fault. I heard Phin was spitting, but we got rugged. I was getting rugged before then. I was trying to fix it. Who knows what's happening, but we are getting everybody back here. So make sure you retweet the room again because we got rugged and it is Raj's fault. Make sure if you have a problem with it, it is Raj's fault. Make sure you tag him at Raj P Underscore 14 and I if you tag him, I will send you his personal cell phone number. That is a camel promise.

acoll

00:01:16

That's a crazy thing to promise. Wait, hold on. Hold on.

acoll

00:01:31

Ely

00:01:46

Okay, but what if I want to see less of Raj and know less about Raj?

acoll

00:01:50

I don't know how to give it to you anyway.

Phin

00:01:52

Like, I just feel like if I give it to you, you could like get rid of him somehow.

Camel

00:01:55

Yeah, like maybe instead of like stealing his identity, you could just delete it.

Ely

00:02:00

That's utility. Can I get that if I buy CORES? Yes.

acoll

00:02:06

Every core comes with Raj's personal data.

Camel

00:02:09

It's part of the roadmap is Raj's personal information.

Phin

00:02:13

Camel

00:02:36

OK, this is what we're doing. OK, got it. Yeah, that's what we're doing today, buddy. So anyways, I think before we got rugged, Phin was saying a lot of big words about abstract XP, how it was so cool and how the ecosystem is so beautiful. So I don't know if you want to just like pick up where you left off.

Phin

00:02:53

Dude, I'll rip back into it. I'll rip back.

Camel

00:02:55

Just get right back into it. Like slap yourself in the face. Let's lock in.

Phin

00:02:59

So one of the things I was getting at before we got rudely interrupted is the reason 2021 is such a focal point for a lot of people is because there's this bell curve effect of when you first interact with a new product. There's your exploratory phase where you do things and you don't understand why you're rewarded for them. And in 2021, NFTs, the reason they were so successful and the reason that a lot of people still feel like that was the prime time for NFTs was there was a reward for natural curiosity and there was a penalty for forced interaction. What I mean by that is if you came into NFTs through, say, Logan Paul or through the at NFT Instagram, you probably got wrecked. You probably got destroyed in these NFTs because you were being forced into these channels. You're like, I'm not going to explore myself. I'm going to let someone tell me what to do. And when you did that, you got punished for it. But the people who came in and were just naturally interested in exploring the ecosystem are the people who found Bored Apes and Doodles and Azuki and all these other NFTs, right? They found these projects that were coming from a community first approach and also like a natural engagement approach. So the reason I say that is because the abstract XP system is actually built off of a very similar concept, which is it is so much better to allow people to like naturally find out what they love and enjoy and get a reward for doing that than it is to force them and say, hey, you have to use this product for this reason on this date, or you're going to miss out.

Phin

00:04:29

And it's it's really interesting. I'm like, I think we, you know, when we first kind of put out our kind of announcement about this, everyone's like, oh, it's Blast again. That died really quick, right? Like that sentiment died off really quick. And actually, I haven't heard anyone come back and compare that because the reality is like, we think we build a sustainable model. Again, you know, test of time, that's going to be found out over the long term. But we think that we, you know, found this kind of system that is actually going to work really really well. And again, it's all built in that like natural curiosity, I think it plays into what you guys are doing a lot to like I think. I think the product that you guys are releasing, and this is going to be me not saying anything too specific, because I don't know how much you've shared externally versus how much you've shared with me. But the product and ecosystem that you guys are building is very much catered to that same approach. And so that's what's always made me really excited about working with you guys, is that you have a very similar interest in You need to allow people to do what they want to do and then find out how you reward that behavior instead of telling people you have to do X, Y, Z. And if you don't do X, Y, Z, like you're going to miss out and you're going to get screwed.

Camel

00:05:42

I love it. That was beautiful. Have you been taking some like PR classes like that was just, you know, or have you just done that spiel?

Phin

00:05:49

No, I'm eating some fucking cinnamon sugar bread.

Camel

00:05:53

I love it. I love it. But yeah, no, I think users do want to feel incentivized and rewarded for playing but they want to like choose how they do it because that makes the ecosystem fun. And that is something that we hold very near and dear to our own hearts as well. I want to throw it over to Tommy, who's kind of the mastermind behind the madness over here, in terms of how that looks in our ecosystem. And before I do that, because he will not say it himself, he is the mastermind behind some of the biggest economies in games, like FarmVille and other games that I don't remember the names of off the top of my head, but they're equally as big. So, Tommy, say words.

Tommy Ngo

00:06:33

Words. Very well spoken, Phin. I think everything Phin said, you know, I think reminds me just like a lot of like Web 2 games. When you force, so there's something in Web 2 games where it's called like incentivize marketing or incentivize like user acquisition and engagement, where you offer someone like a gift card or something to actually download your game. It's pretty common practice. And you get a lot of volume and installs for mobile. But what happens is your retention for those is like shit. You'll get like, for context, usually a good retention number for day one is like 40%. If an incentivized user comes in, their retention is like 5%. And so when you incentivize people the wrong way, they don't stick around. I think what we've seen with XP is that it has really sticky and staying power with the way it was implemented. I mean, a lot, obviously, shout out and kudos go to the core team, Saigar, with the frame team, and then also, obviously, Michael. And I think, you know, when I talked about Group 4, and for those of you who honestly don't know, like, who actually leads the abstract group, Michael Lee is from X-Blizzard, X-Activision, works on pretty, like, high-profile games within the Blizzard, like, ecosystem. And so the team is pretty Web3 native, but also comes from a Web2 native background as well. I think that's where we have such strong alignment with who we are at Sugartown.

Tommy Ngo

00:08:05

We came from a Web 2.0 background, but we have a lot of Web 3.0 natives and also a lot of people that have been in Web 3.0 as well. And so we also recognize the importance of rewarding users in the right way and rewarding people in a way where we're not creating a massive cliff and dump at some point. And so we're really meticulous with who and how we bring people on, but also how we foster the community. So if you guys see camel all over the timeline, it's for those kind of reasons. We want to curate a strong community, reward them in the right way. That creates stickiness, retention, but also when you have stickiness and retention, I think that leads next is organic growth. And that's already what we're seeing with like Abstract. Like Abstract isn't like doing crazy paid marketing anyway. And I know Phin is the head of marketing, but like I just haven't seen them do like anything like in terms of like making hard shows out of a bunch of like areas. Yet the ecosystem is growing really organically. And that stems from like a foundation. And usually that foundation is a strong community. And I think there's so much alignment with the thesis of how we see the space and how we see where Web3 should be. And so for us, like Abstract and Sugartown was, I think, a no-brainer.

Camel

00:09:17

I agree. That was beautifully put. That was a lot of big words. Wait, you guys said a lot of words that I don't think I even know how to spell. But I do see Daila's hand up. So Daila, what is up, buddy?

Daila

00:09:33

Yeah, I wanted to take a second to point out some really strong parallels that I've seen in both Abstract and Sugartown because obviously being on the Abstract team and being a Sugartown holder for quite a while. One thing that I enjoy about both products and the community is the genuine excitement and belief in the product. You're going to see it on the abstract side. If you don't see the enthusiasm of our team and their posts, if you don't see like Michael Strait geeking out and Saigar Strait geeking out over what they're building, then you're crazy. Same with the Sugartown team. There is such conviction in what they're building and such excitement. and it's people who have been rooted in this space for a while. I was onboarded into Abstract by Phin, who I've known for friggin' ever, and I've known Camel since way before Sugartown, so it feels good to be a part of things with people you've seen evolve in this space, grow in this space. lead with that same consistency in conviction and character. And I think that Web3 really, really got exhausted by the meme coin wave. It was PVP. It was difficult to even trust any chat. It became really unpleasant at times to be in Web3. I lost my enthusiasm for Web3. And I'm like, what am I doing here?

Daila

00:10:47

I came here for culture, for art, for community, for fun. And this is not fucking fun. But I think that abstract kind of became a catalyst to reintroduce that OG community vibe that we've been longing for. And when Phin had mentioned that bell curve, you know, like us kind of starting out together in something new, there's something so important about that moment where everybody is kind of starting at the the base level and learning something together and we're still at that and we're still kind of like the newness of it is exciting and what can we do and what the potential for abstract and sugartown and CORES is that we get the opportunity to shape that into the kind of community vibe that we've been missing for this long. I think we've gotten rid of a lot of the bad actors, the people that were here for nefarious reasons. God knows the fucking celebrities that were ready to extract are already gone. They don't give a shit about us anymore. So whoever's left here is really like, I just want to be here. I just want to cook. I want to connect with people who are here for the right reasons and just keep moving in that direction. And, um, I mean, it all falls under one big green, happy umbrella. So I can't complain.

Camel

00:11:58

I can't complain either. Well, I'm sure I could. I'm really good at complaining about stuff. You can ask Tommy, but you know, honestly, like abstract just kind of feels like home. Like, you know, people ask me why abstract all the time, like me personally, I'm just like, it just makes sense. It just feels right. You know, not to go on another personal tangent about me and Phin, but I've known Phin for like, four, five years at this point, who knows how long. But we've always just wanted to do cool shit together because Phin's a great guy, all jokes aside, so is Raj, I guess I should throw that out there. And we've just always wanted to do some cool shit together. And Abstract just feels like the home of great people doing cool shit together. amount of founders that we can lean on inside of abstract that have been supportive, the amount of creators, it's the same thing. So, you know, it just, it feels right. Like, there's no, I don't need to say a lot of big words that I can't spell. Like, it just feels right. And like, I want to ask, like, you know, Ely, you've been a little quiet down there for a little bit. Why does abstract feel like home to you?

Ely

00:13:01

I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm actually at the gym. That's why I'm not much. Um, honestly, I was kind of apprehensive to it. Phin had called me like, months ago, kind of talked to me about this being the next job that he wanted to take. And I still wasn't sold on it. Partly because again, like I had seen blast, I'd seen other chains. Then I took a dive in it, like I'd say in January or so, and I started playing games, started having fun. And I just kind of realized like, instinctively, I was spending my time here without thinking about farming stuff, right? I was playing games. I wasn't streaming yet, but I was tipping, I was chatting and it just felt like something special, something we'd seen other platforms try to do, especially with the native streaming stuff. And they had never made it work. And then it just kind of clicked that, you know, what the abstract team and kind of coincidentally, I know they're not the same team, but the Igloo Pudgy team, they've always been great at building community and getting people to gather where like minds share.

Ely

00:14:09

And it just felt like abstract finally, I don't want to say solve that problem, but it really feels like they have. And they've found a way to make things gather. Obviously, things are going to be different once, you know, this apparent who knows TGE thing kind of happens, seeing if it sticks. But I think this is probably the first time I've felt like after whatever that initial incentive drops, that people actually stick around. And so, yeah, I just kind of, I realized I'm already spending so much of my time on this chain. I'm having fun with the community. I might as well dive deep and shout out to Clemente, shout out to ICO Beast. They kind of, you know, Phin brought up Blast before, but they kind of paved the way for me with Blast. They showed me like, you know, you can dive all the way in on a specific niche and a specific chain. kind of be a big fish in a small pond, and so that's kind of what drew me. I noticed the people here were great, had fun doing it, and so far it's proven to be valuable in not just, you know, growing my brand, but also just valuable in the relationships that I've built, and especially the projects that have been building here. I think these have been, like, awesome games that I know we've talked a lot on the timeline about A lot of these things kind of feel like gamble games, but I think people are really overlooking some of the awesome talent that's been here building and the stuff that's yet to come.

Camel

00:15:31

I love that. That was beautiful. But unfortunately, Ely, this is not an abstract shill space because this is a CORES shill space. So Phin, just slide me the money. You guys had, you know, your 10 minutes and like, you have my wallet address already. But no, all jokes aside, love abstract. That's why we're building here. It's so refreshing to see how everybody thinks it is home because it is home. I love all the games. I spend as much time as I can using other products because I just genuinely love them. I do have some breaking news. Somebody play the air horn. Marianne, your hand is up. I see it. I'm ignoring it because I need to say this thing before I forget about it. Basically, breaking news. Thank you. That was beautiful. Breaking news for everybody in the audience. I know the only reason you are here is because of the CORES.

Camel

00:16:19

It's not because of anybody on the panel. It's because of CORES. And with that, we will be giving multiple whitelist spots. I believe the number is three and a free mint to people in the audience. All you have to do to get the free mint. One lucky person, just quote, retweet the room. We'll pick a winner afterwards. If you want the whitelist spots, because I know we have a couple left to give, they're going like hotcakes. Everybody wants them. Drop a comment in the comments. Make my life easier. Just say, I love Sugartown. Camel's the best. I hate Raj and then your wallet. And we will get on the whitelist giveaway as well. But no, everybody that is so beautiful. We've been talking about, about incentivization and ecosystem, but way more importantly, fun. And I think that is something that is beautiful about both Abstract and our eco. So I'm going to throw it to Tommy, once again, the co-founder of Sugartown, to talk a little bit about how our ecosystem plans to reward the players.

Tommy Ngo

00:17:17

acoll

00:17:34

Tommy Ngo

00:18:02

All right, if you guys don't see me over the timeline, it's because I have to manage these two. And also, I guess I got to work a decent amount. But I think when it comes to rewards, we have a really similar thesis to the Abstract team. And it's something that, to be honest with you guys, sometimes against what everyone wants in Web 3, which is something long term. something long term, something sustainable, and something that rewards people and holders and the community, not just like immediately, but over time. And it's something that, you know, like, I think everyone expects major, huge, like one day airdrop, and then, you know, dump and move on to the next thing. Like, that's part of the problem with the space that our attention span is so short, we just move on so quickly from like, one project to the next project. And I think it's a problem. I think it was one of the reasons why we got to massive growth in 21 and 22. And another reason why we've declined in growth like massively, because those same exact reasons. Everyone came in for that really quick, like big pump. And everyone left because they got wrecked. And so what we're trying to build with the rewards ecosystem and especially around the CORES is how do we create something that rewards people short term and long term. So we are approaching it in two different ways.

Tommy Ngo

00:19:26

But those two different ways are given like ownership and power back to the holder. So we have active gameplay, and then we have passive gameplay. And so you get rewarded for both. If you decide to participate in the active gameplay, you get rewarded for that because you love games. If you don't have time and you want to go extremely passive, then you could stake, use your energy, you know, wherever you want, and earn passively. And so I think empowering the holders, the community, and the owners to decide how they want to get rewarded, I think is really powerful. And the second thing that does is that, you know, we do force action. Like, you have to participate in the ecosystem in some way. Like, look, I, just like everyone else, love sitting and doing nothing and getting unlimited free airdrops. But that's not how we create a strong community, and that's not how you create a strong project either. *So we want people that come into our ecosystem that loves what we have, loves what we do, and love being on the whole abstract chain as well.* So we build the rewards that way, and we have a pretty big stack of rewards that we want to be able to reward people with, all leading into exactly one big ecosystem. So that's the short TLDR. April, Kevin, feel free to let me know if I missed anything. Or if the audience even have questions, you also feel free to jump up and I will have a Q&A session later too.

Camel

00:20:48

We will most certainly have a Q&A session. Tommy, you said a lot of things, and they were all really helpful. And, you know, I think yesterday, one thing that got posted was the Sugartown reward stack. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that specifically, maybe how that looks, maybe, you know, how users will be playing and how they will be winning.

Tommy Ngo

00:21:13

Yeah, so, you know, you have like the different ways to get rewards, different ways to play. We do believe in like a healthy competition. And so we want to create like an ecosystem where you're playing, you're competing, you're staking, you may even still compete in that way to do like leaderboard systems. But then you get rewarded. And so the rewards, it comes in like two paths. There's a on-chain, you know, type of reward that we give, you know, holders. That's going to like be like a myriad of things. It could be points within the Sugartown ecosystem. We also have a treasury of like auras that we have still. For those who don't know, we still have about 3,000, a little over 3,000 auras in our treasury meant as rewards for our holders. And then we have, um, the on chain like jackpots that we want to like build as well. We do believe that this is a way to not just like give holders something short term, but something for them to play against long term.

Tommy Ngo

00:22:12

And so playing a game staking, making actions on chain gets you short term rewards. the jackpot is this like longer, like bigger reward that you could play against and up to, just based on your participation. And that is the participation reward that leads to something bigger. *And then obviously being inside the Abstract ecosystem, you're constantly earning extra XP just for using the chain.* And I think that's what we love about the Abstract team. Like they want you to just use the chain, like that's really it. So us as a game team and a content team, what we want to do is facilitate that. How do we create a lot of different ways for you guys to use the chain? How do we create a lot of different ways for you guys to have fun and experience like what you want to experience? And then all of these things, the entire ecosystem, at least in Sugartown, leads up to one thing in our graphic, and that is our win token. Our win token, I think we could maybe save me some time later to talk a little more about like that vision. But ultimately, our win token is not just like, great, you know, it's there, it's done, it's GG. No, it's like basically the next chapter, the next start of the whole ecosystem, because we do have plans for how we want to see it, but to get facilitated and how that's going to help us like, be a catalyst for Web2 onboarding and massive growth, long term as well.

acoll

00:23:30

Absolute banger answer once again from Tommy we are super excited for our ecosystem token we can absolutely dive into that more but I just want to send a quick reminder guys we are doing a giveaway if you're interested in a free core quote retweet the space if you're interested in CORES whitelist comment underneath we will be doing the raffle for the free core shortly but I did see Marianne had her hand up so I wanted to throw it her direction in case she has anything to add

Marianne

00:23:59

So I'm just gonna, I just feel like this, this would be super interesting for people with a short attention span. So, and it's cool to clip even a space. So either Acall, Camel, or Tommy, whoever wants to take that. If you were to just explain in literally only one sentence, CORES and the token, In literally one sentence, the difference, how amazing it will be, how it will benefit everybody, in exactly one sentence, how would you explain that? for everybody in Web3 with a diabolically short attention span?

Camel

00:24:43

That's literally my job description. I think that is, you know, what I've made my career out of, just making one-liners that sound intuitive. I've literally wrote it down somewhere and now I'm completely blanking. So hold on, let me pull up. I have a document, it's called Master Copy Doc, and that is where I write down all of my banger one-liners. I'm literally just stalling while this thing loads. A couple more words, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Marianne

00:25:07

That made my question feel super smart, Camel. Thank you so much for validating.

Camel

00:25:12

So here is my one-liner. Talk about Sugartown, talk about CORES, talk about everything in our ecosystem. It even touches on Abstract because why the hell not? So here it is. Everybody get ready, get your applause ready, get everything ready. Here it is. The games you grew up playing, now with higher stakes than ever, powered by Sugartown, powered by CORES, powered by Abstract. Boom. Let's get some applause. Phin, tell me how beautiful that was. It was gorgeous. I don't think I could have asked for anything better than that. Yeah. Thank you. That was beautiful. Great work, Camel. Now I'm completely thrown off. Wow, that was a really good question. Um, so anyways, um, while I get my druthers pulled back together, I'm just going to throw it over to my wonderful cohost Acoll so I can just like pull myself back together and compose myself.

acoll

00:26:06

Well, that was amazing camel. And I'm always impressed by your ability to come up with things on the fly, but I do see me have another hand raised. So Luke, what is up?

Luke

00:26:17

Hey, I actually have a question that I've thought about for, like, I thought about it a few times recently, and then. when you mentioned a 3,000 or a strategic reserve, it came back to mind. So Sugartown was a free mint, right, quite a while ago? That is correct. I mean, for a free mint to have the foresight, planning, whatever term you would use to hold back, I don't know if you held back 3,000 at the time, or they were acquired on the secondary market, I'm obviously like, as things have unfolded, I've came to assume, well, I guess not obviously I'm assuming, but I've came to assume and believe that there was a bit of a plan for the auras all along. I would have been, I wasn't involved until recently when Camel shilled it in every orifice of my body through group chats and whatnot. But, um, yeah, I was going to just ask kind of like how it started and I don't know if that's too far back for everyone and you're like, go read a book, Luke, and learn yourself.

Camel

00:27:21

I will do the average version just for you, Luke, because you said some nice stuff about us. So Sugartown Auras minted at Zynga, one of the largest games companies in the world, as a free mint in August or September of 2023. I don't remember which month. It was one of the two. We held back, I believe it was like 4,000 Auras to give out as rewards across our ecosystem. And since then, we've given out, I don't know how many, a lot across game events, across community activations. all sorts of different activations and ways to onboard folks. And what was interesting is we found that the reward NFTs are some of the least transacted ones because people just want to feel rewarded. It's almost like a trophy. You don't sell your trophies that you earn. It's just not something that people do. And so where I was going with that was then I was going to defer to Tommy to talk about the vision and how we got from there to now.

Tommy Ngo

00:28:18

All right. So many of these topics are unplanned, so I have to wing most of these answers. But the original vision of Sugartown was always to really understand Web3. That was our thesis coming in. And I say that because For those who don't know my background, I've been building games for a long time, over a decade, in mobile gaming, was at Zynga back in the FarmVille 1 franchise era in 2012, wrapped the IPO. And so, I think in games, we never really think about product market fit or what works. We just build a really cool game and try to find the audience for that game. It's really formulaic, it's really scientific, and it's a lot easier, in my opinion. Web3, we don't know, like, I don't think anyone has actually ever cracked, even to this day, like what web three consumer product really is like from a, like a single, like sentence description. And so coming into Sugartown's first launch, what we want to do was like understand what what people wanted. And so we use a bigger approach where we launch multiple games instead of like a single game to kind of see what works. For example, our first game was called NGMI. It was extremely hard. We thought, well, Degenes and Web3 people love pain, and so why not make the game extremely tough for them? No one liked that game as much because it was too hard. And then we launched a second game called All Sunlight, a lot more casual, a lot easier. That became a beloved game because it was easy, chill, and good to play.

Tommy Ngo

00:29:51

So we were learning a lot. And so Sugartown's entire thesis is in a different way data collection. figuring out what people want and servicing the community that way. After, I think, seeing the space move from how it was in 2023 until now, we've identified a really clear vision, a really clear path that we formulated last year, which is something called high-stakes gaming. It is a blend between real meaningful fun gameplay with a little bit of risk and staking, Staking not in the context of like smart contracts, but staking in terms of like putting something at stake. And so that creates this new kind of realm for people to like really have like their dopamine chase while having something really fun to play. And so that's like where we want to take Sugartown. And I think this isn't just applicable to Web 3, this is also where we want to take Web 2 audiences as well. In Web 2, games are getting really boring. For those who play games every day, you kind of hear this like, we play the same games, we see the same games launching something new. When we like, I saw like Marvel Rivals, I'm like, great, that's amazing. But like, it's clearly Marvel plus Overwatch, right? Like, there's really never new innovation. It's like, let me take this past game, and reskin it or let me take something else and make it like, a little different. And so our angle is like, well, how do we, like, really disrupt gaming? And for us, it's this layer of like, high risk, and this layer of like wager embedding. And I think it's gonna be relevant for both Web3 and Web2, and it's gonna scale really well.

Camel

00:31:27

I think so too. That was very beautifully, beautifully, beautifully put. Thank you so much, Tommy. And so we have done a lot of table setting. We've talked about the eco. We've talked about the past. We're talking about the future a little bit, but I think, you know, you got to put some meat on the bones. You know, I think in order to get to where we're going, we had to give a bit about the background first, but I think the question remains, what the hell is a core and why do I want one, Tommy? Why do I want a core?

Tommy Ngo

00:31:58

I think it's gonna be back to me a couple of times. *CORES is our first like, you know, step into the abstract chain.* You want the CORES because one thing, one thing only and that's really what we all kind of want about three as rewards. I love games, I play games every day. I love the space. I mean, obviously like trading and doing things every day, but Web3 is really about rewards. And so CORES is a rewards generator NFT. That's what we're like, you know, I think, calling it, but it has no purpose. Like if you want rewards, get a core. And the question then becomes like, well, how do I get rewarded? And that's just literally having fun using the chain and playing games. And so we want to make this a really meaningful experience where being a holder gets you access to fun experiences and you get rewarded for fun experiences. That's literally it. For those who are really busy, we'll create a way for you to get rewarded even if you don't participate on the gameplay side, and that's through passive staking. So ultimately, if you want to get rewarded, get a core. That's kind of the one too.

Camel

00:33:11

I love that. I love that. Thanks, Tommy. Thanks, Tommy. Eiko, do you have anything to add?

acoll

00:33:18

I think Tommy explains things really well, but sometimes I think he's just... He's so product and technical. So I think that everyone's laughing, but like, Tommy, Tommy, you're the best. We love it. I think for people that are in Web3, though, the thing to understand about CORES is that if you like playing games, if you like staking and you like getting rewarded for the time that you've spent staked for the time you spent playing games, you're going to want a core. And that is just, you know, the end of it and they're stackable. So more CORES, more rewards, they play in really well with the rest of our ecosystem. We'll share more on that later, but it's super exciting.

Camel

00:33:59

I agree. I agree. I think it's super exciting. I think to add a personal little tangent here, because I guess I'm working, I can't just play the role of host and pretend I don't know anything. To onboard the world to Web3 Games, first you have to onboard Web3 to Web3 Games. And you don't do that by massive AAA titles as much as I love them. You do that by games that people just want to play, by games that are fun, that games are replayable, that games Even if you lose, you still feel like you're winning. You feel advantageous. You feel the need to come back and play more. And that's what Sugartown's building. That's what CORES is a massive part of. And I'm so excited to be building the future of gaming here on Abstract, here with some of my best friends in this space. And I'm just going to be more excited about it. I know we're at the top of the hour. I know some people may or may not have to go. I'm here. I'm down to keep running my mouth. I know we have more time slotted to talk about a lot of stuff. So that was a really bad pivot towards my next section, which is not one that I planned, but one I want to ask anyways, which is Tommy Ako. Is there any alpha that you guys can share for us?

acoll

00:35:14

SPEAKER\_05

00:35:41

I'm not ready for this.

Tommy Ngo

00:35:43

I think on the alpha side, we have some really big... I think Tommy got rubbed.

Daila

00:36:06

Okay, I thought it was me, bro.

acoll

00:36:08

Oh, I thought it was me too.

Camel

00:36:09

Wait, Tommy got rubbed. Tommy got rugged. Oh no. That means I need to pick and choose the alpha that is spilled. So this week is a very big week inside of Sugartown. I have at least two, but probably more, because I'm not gonna commit to a number, very major marketing beats. One has already been leaked by Phin, which is the Founders Poker Tournament. Phin, I never told you this, but you tweeted it before it was announced. So stay tuned for more information. How the fuck did I, what did I tweet? You tweeted, it was like a list of stuff happening on abstract. It was like two redacted things, it was our thing. Yeah.

Phin

00:36:52

My bad, dude, I can't be held accountable for what I tweet. Yeah, and that's why I didn't call you out like I know how I guess this is actually this is kind of like a good chance to know now that like sometimes I just be tweeting, you know, like sometimes, you know, I don't I don't get approval for what I say. So maybe there's maybe there's alpha. I don't even know I'm tweeting.

Camel

00:37:12

Yeah, definitely.

Phin

00:37:14

But no, I mean, for the people who are here is that one of one of the redacted announcements got pushed next week, but the other one did not.

Camel

00:37:22

Well, that's exciting. I can't wait for the redacted abstract announcements. I can't wait for the redacted Sugartown announcements, one of which got front ran by Phin, and it's okay because I love him for it. We're still trying to get Tommy on here. Up here he is. Tommy, Alpha, give the people what they want. We're back.

Tommy Ngo

00:37:43

Okay. Yeah. This face is rugging pretty hard. Like I, I heard Phin talk a little about some alpha that he was sharing too. And then the whole thing changed. Uh, did we talk about Phin's alpha?

Camel

00:37:55

Yes, we talked about things.

Tommy Ngo

00:37:56

Okay. Yeah.

Phin

00:37:58

My alpha was that one of my alpha was next week and the other one was still this week. So it wasn't really that much of alpha.

Tommy Ngo

00:38:04

Okay. I think where I left off, I'm assuming, we have a couple, I think, really big announcements in the next couple of days. Stay tuned, keep your notifications on to the Sugartown brand accounts. You know, one thing that we really want to focus on is, I think, community onboarding. And CORES and Auras will always get access to the full ecosystem. *but the we're also going to think about like how do we onboard um like the other communities within the abstract ecosystem uh and then also how do we onboard people like outside the abstract ecosystem to be interested to join like this project and also like the chain and so one outfit that we're gonna i think share um probably in real time this Friday.* We'll do like, I guess, two alpha pieces. *One is that we're going to announce a really big poker tournament with a few key leaders within the abstract chain and space.* There's going to be a big tournament where we're all going to compete against each other. We'll make that announcement today, and it's going to be really fun. There's going to be a prize pool.

Tommy Ngo

00:39:13

And so if that community or that team wins the full prize pool, they'll get to distribute that however they want to their community. So stay tuned for that announcement coming today. And then on the actual day of the tournament, we'll reveal a little bit about how we're going to grow the ecosystem. And that is through airdrops. airdrops are really powerful to like onboard a lot of people. But when you think airdrops, you're always thinking like tokens, like, you know, in a coin perspective, we're kind of taking a different approach, we want to give folks access to the game and product. And so we're going to show folks how that's going to work on Friday, this is all going to happen before men, we're gonna showcase, you know, a handful of dang things. But we're gonna show the community and the space, like, we are trying to build this the right way, meaning that we're going to grow our ecosystem bring in a lot of demand for both the project and abstract, meanwhile, creating value for the current holders. Core holders will always get full access, even though we're going to be onboarding people. Auras mixed with CORES will have a full stack of rewards, but we're going to do that in a way while growing the ecosystem past the 10K, past the 20K, and eventually past the hundreds and thousands of people as well.

Camel

00:40:32

Yeah, I mean, I think, Tommy, you put out a tweet that said we're going to have the biggest poker tournament ever. So, you know, I can't wait to get there. It's going to happen. *And I can't wait to set a world record on Abstract Chain.* Hashtag ad for both Sugartown and CORES. But we have a couple little more things to run, and then we will give you guys your freedom. I will unshackle you from the bounds that is this space that we already got rugged on once. But, you know, just make sure to follow everybody in the room. Make sure to turn your notice on for the brand account because there's a lot of cool shit being announced this week. There's some shit that Tommy didn't even talk about being announced this week, which is even more exciting because that means there's some more stuff that we can talk about later. But we got a couple things left to talk about. First one, of course, freemint giveaway that we talked about before. I'm going to throw it over to acoll.

acoll

00:41:25

All right, you guys. As we told you, we are running a free mint giveaway for our CORES. And I am going to raffle the winner. Give me a sec. Let me pop this link in here. And if you guys want to enter, I'll give you like literally like 10 more seconds to quote, retweet the space, tell people that you're excited about CORES. And then I will submit this raffle and we will have our free mint winner. Super exciting.

Camel

00:41:54

Let's go and if while she is running that if you have any questions for uh, I have a quick thing Okay.

Phin

00:42:02

Yep. Let's hear your quick thing a quick show. Let me finish Uh, but yeah, I have to interrupt because it just happened but uh, if you'd like to go And get your wrecked Abstract apple drinks. They just went live

Camel

00:42:14

That's exciting. Another great team on Abstract. They're actually very delicious.

Phin

00:42:21

I drank like 20 something of them in Dubai.

Camel

00:42:24

That sounds delicious.

Phin

00:42:25

And like, honestly, more than me, though.

Camel

00:42:28

acoll

00:42:57

I have the winner, not a question. I have the winner of our free CORES mint. Thank you guys for quote retweeting the space. Thank you all for participating. The winner is Big Nick at Empath Opinion. Congratulations, Big Nick. The CORES is yours. I will reach out to you for your wallet address, so expect to see me in your DM shortly.

Marianne

00:43:20

The CORES, yours is such a banger slogan. Oh my gosh, thanks.

Camel

00:43:23

Yeah, we're stealing that.

Marianne

00:43:24

We're stealing that one.

acoll

00:43:25

I just made that up, thanks.

Camel

00:43:28

That was beautiful. So now we are in the questions and answers portion of our afternoon or morning or evening, depending on where you live. Tommy, we got a question for you. People wanted to hear from you, which was in the audience, somebody asked, can you be a little bit more specific on how some of these rewards look? Like, you know, we know you have a tendency to talk high level vague, but like, let's keep it simple. Let's keep it stupid. You play the game, you have a fun time, but also you get a little bit of something on the side. Can you be specific?

Tommy Ngo

00:44:05

Yeah, I am. Okay, um, We have something within the ecosystem called points, and the point system will lead, if you look at the pinned tweet here, the rewards ecosystem, with the reward stack, everything leads to one thing, one thing only. And so really, I think there's a lot of alpha in the tweet that we posted yesterday. Every action, everything we do, points, on-chain rewards, jackpots, prizes, leads up to one thing, and that's going to be our ecosystem-like token. In terms of specifics on on-chain rewards and prizes, we're also working with partners and sponsors to bring real rewards on-chain to the community. So, while I can't be specific about that because we haven't shared that, I'll give an example. So, for the poker tournament on Friday, every participant is going to contribute something to the prize pool. And that prize pool gets disseminated to their communities. And those are like NFTs, whitelist spots, like very hype mints, for example. And that's the kind of like reward for like sponsors that we want to bring in, in addition to like in the, you know, USDC types of rewards as well. So that's like the on-chain rewards. And in jackpots, that's really like the more participation you have. Think Cambria with their like loot rush. and how they did that. And, you know, I think big shout out to them and getting over a million bucks on that jackpot. But like, you know, we're looking to do that as well. So I think what we want to do is, like, reward people short term, sponsor rewards, sponsors, USDC, that kind of area, but also bring in, like, a continuous reward, like the point system to lead to our big ecosystem-like token.

Camel

00:45:57

That was beautiful.

Tommy Ngo

00:45:58

Is that like specific enough?

Camel

00:46:00

I know I always like, yeah, I think, I think you, I think you did it for the people that want to hear the specifics. I think you did a really good job. You know, you got one gold star. I'll feed you some chicken nuggets later. Um, Sarwar, I don't know if I pronounced your name right. I'm sorry if I butchered it, but I see that you have joined the question and answer portion of this space and I hope it is for a question and you get an answer that you are looking for.

SPEAKER\_09

00:46:27

Yeah, thanks for the chance. My question is, is this a CORES is the only way to play games or and is it tradable after the mint?

Camel

00:46:40

Yep, so that is a great question. Um, acoll, you know, product community lead. I feel like you are an amazing person to answer this question.

acoll

00:46:51

Oh wait, I'm so sorry, I was answering a DM about the giveaway. Could you repeat the question for me?

Camel

00:47:00

The question is, are CORES the only way to play the game, and will trading be live after the mint?

acoll

00:47:06

No, CORES aren't the only way to play the games. So I see a lot of our auras in the audience. Guys, thank you for coming through. We have our VVIP players, our auras. If you have an aura, you will, of course, still be able to play the games. CORES will unlock some extra rewards paths. And this is an alpha because we've already hinted at it to our community a few times. But if you have a core and an aura, you're unlocking an extra special rewards path. And then Camo, what was the second half of the question?

Camel

00:47:35

Will CORES be tradable after Mint? And the answer is yes. I guess I can take that. We have some soul-bonded parts of our ecosystem. We have some tradable parts of our ecosystem. CORES are tradable after Mint. But a guy like me, a guy like me is going to stack CORES because I can stack rewards inside the eco. I don't know. I think that might've been Alpha. Did I just fuck up? I hope not. I don't know if I did. I'm getting a message from Tommy that we need to have a long call later. I think I might be in trouble, guys. That being said, guys, if you have questions and you don't ask them, we cannot answer them. So keep them coming. I see some people requesting on the stage. I see some more audience questions going in the timeline. If you have a question, you don't want to join the stage, you want to ask it, just reply in the space, and I will do my best and hopefully see it. Aurelius, I've known you for years, buddy. What is up?

SPEAKER\_00

00:48:23

Camel

00:48:46

Yeah, that is a great question. And since you said marketing specifically, I do feel like I can answer this one. When we were at Zynga, it was great. We had a lot of great resources. We had a lot of access to a lot of different people. But the core team that you see here now is the same core team that you saw at Zynga. And when you're at a publicly traded company, for those that don't know, Zynga is still owned by Take Two. That's the same company that owns like GTA with Rockstar and some other titles as well.

Camel

00:49:16

You have a lot of outside parties a lot of red tape kind of watching what you're doing like, you know There's a ton of lawyers in the company and obviously with the past administration There was a lot more regulation and scrutiny on crypto than we have now and with that there is a lot of kind of I'm gonna say scrutiny again and a lot of like focus on each and every word that you're putting out there like code in the smart contracts and everything like that in order to protect the best interests of the company and so when we're building Sugartown and we've been building Sugartown the direction that we want to build it a lot of times we would be kind of caught in the corporate machine, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. But when you work in crypto, you need to execute fast. You need to be able to pivot with a moment's notice. And it just kind of came to a point where we kind of mutually decided that in the best interest of our community and our longevity as a project, it was best to spin it independent with the same exact team that we have today. Tommy, I don't know if you want to add to that at all, but I think I did a good job answering it.

Tommy Ngo

00:50:32

No, you did a great job answering, actually. It was also a great question. I think our team dynamic has gotten, I think, even better. We've worked together for a long time now. I think for when you think about development and building something, the one thing that you usually look at, or especially new teams, is how they gel and how they work together. And that's why every high-profile game in Web 2 typically comes from a team that's been together before. For those who are using a quick share, if you guys know the company called Supercell, they made Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, those kind of games. They were based out of the Nordics. And when they started their company, a lot of folks don't know this, they actually were working together before for about 10 years at a company called Digital Chocolate. after Digital Chocolate, they then started Supercell. And so while it looks like Supercell kind of like came into success out of nowhere, it was like a long time thing coming, right?

Tommy Ngo

00:51:38

in our space, we haven't even existed for 10 years, like Web3 gaming, Web3 like consumer type of like product has been around for now, maybe four years, if you count 21, 22. And our team has been together for about three years now. And so we have really built a dynamic where we understand like shorthand how to work with each other, And I think something that you know just to share with like with like the community, we also yell at each other, like pretty often, like I think yesterday, April and I were on like a two hour call where she was probably yelling at me for like a good hour or so. But that's actually a good thing because that's really like. how close we are and how effective we are in building with each other because without some of the yelling without some of the annoying each other, then it means that you don't really have a real relationship with your team. And so our team really is built around that type of culture. And the one big that we all do and want is the success of Sugartown and the project. We care, we want to be here, we're building for the future, but we would not be here if we didn't want to be. The choice was made to continue building Web3, and we're going to continue making that choice every single day until we see bigger and bigger successes.

acoll

00:52:53

I also think, I would like to add, it's really funny because the things that we argue with each other about really stem from a place of us caring about the project and about our community and what we're building and wanting to do things right and better. So that makes me super excited. And honestly, like when it comes to working dynamics, it's just it's really easy to work with people that you like, who also want to build something cool. The hard part is that you all care so much. So you're always like, wait, like, This is a really good idea. I have like this is how I think it could work, but that's how we produce better products and how we produce better experiences because there is that give and take of people going back and forth.

Camel

00:53:36

I agree that was really beautiful. Wow brought a tear to my eye. Anyways, acoll, I know you said that you wanted to run your other whitelist giveaway. So, acoll, why don't you do that? If you guys have any last-minute questions, throw up your hand, drop them in the comments, and I will also, before I let acoll come off mute, just want to specially thank every single person that came here as a guest here today. We had some of my favorite people in Crypto.com, so many great people, and, you know, I think you guys are going to love what's coming next. I will spell one more alpha. Tommy didn't even touch on it at all. He might slap my hand later, but I don't really care. What's he going to do? Fire me, which is we're going to be onboarding some pretty freaking cool people to the ecosystem here really soon. Um, that sounds like really cliche and high level, but once you see it, you'll understand what I'm putting. You'll pick up what I'm putting down. So yeah, that's exciting. Hey, acoll. Over to you.

acoll

00:54:34

All right, guys, I have the winners of our whitelist giveaway. The whitelist winners were people that commented under the space. So thank you guys for doing that and for replying. Also, thanks for being here. You guys rock. Three winners. We've got Piff's Peak. We've got 0xNickCrypto, 0xOx, I think it's zero. And then we've got BigFax\_UnderscoreMexy. So you guys keep an eye out for a DM from me. I will grab your wallets, preferably AGW for the CORES mint.

Camel

00:55:06

Wow, beautiful, beautiful. Thank you so much. Oh, Aurelius, I see another question. Let's go. Your hand is raised. Let's go. Let's hear it.

SPEAKER\_00

00:55:15

So just, yeah, congratulations to the person who won that, but just on the point that you made a moment ago, In the instances where you've got several different individuals, you know, they might have collectively all great ideas, who gets the final say? Is there someone in the team that ultimately has to decide and take that forward or is it something which, I don't know, is it, for lack of a better word, some sort of democratic process in which you vote?

Camel

00:55:41

Let me tell you, it's not a democracy, by any means. I think everybody kind of owns their own verticals. I'm Camel, I'm the marketing lead. So you know, more often than not, I do have the final say as things relate to marketing, much like Akol has the final say as things that relate to community. Tommy, obviously our boss, If he wants to overrule us, he can. But more often than not, he trusts the people that run their verticals to run their vertical. He helps push us in the right direction. But there's a lot of trust with everybody on this team. And when you have to execute so fast and at such a high level, it's really beautiful that Tommy just blindly has faith in us to do what's right. And I do see some more hands. That was such a great question. I want to throw it to one of my favorite people, somebody I've known for years. Whoa, what's going on?

Marianne

00:56:35

Hey, guys, did you know CORES is minting soon? And you can go pick up a Sugartown Aura right now on Magic Eden. Reduced fees, 0.5% marketplace fees. So make sure you guys could do that. Hey, Camel. Hey, Tommy. Hey, April. Hey, everyone.

Camel

00:56:53

Hello. Yes, you can get a Sugartown Aura right now on Magic Eden. Finn, she didn't say hey to you.

Phin

00:57:01

I know, that's why I was saying hi.

Marianne

00:57:03

Yeah, well, I I actually I know this is like a quote-unquote professional space, but I actually thought after that intro That was so nice. You're just gonna duke me out and call on someone else Um every once in a while saying nice things.

Camel

00:57:16

Raj was here earlier So he got like the butt of all the jokes so like, you know I have to be nice eventually to somebody and you lucked out that Raj was already here and he caught that but yeah Aura is on Magic Eden of course soon to be on Magic Eden and the blockchain, just the blockchain in general on Abstract Network, my preferred network for making all of my blockchain transactions. So also make sure you follow Magic Eden. Don't have enough nice things to say about that team. They've done amazing things for us in the past and you know, just really good friends to have. Just, I do see your hand is up.

SPEAKER\_01

00:57:51

GM, GM, good afternoon to everyone. I just have one question. I just want to hear your take guys. Anyone can answer this question like What is your take on longevity in Web3?

Camel

00:58:05

I think that's a beautiful question for my boss, Tommy.

Tommy Ngo

00:58:11

Yeah. Longevity. I guess I'm trying to think of how to respond to this one. Longevity, sustainability, I think durability, there's a lot of different angles to take. I think the space has not been able to be very successful, candidly, with longevity. I think the space leans into short-term wins. both from the builders perspective and from like the community perspective. We would rather have like a dollar today than like $10 like tomorrow, right? Like that's just always how it is with the space. And I think it is a collective effort. um it is a collective effort to kind of move that mentality and shift that mentality like forward and change the way we think um and so really i think what we want to do with Sugartown is kind of contribute to that like next sentiment how do we create a culture within our own community within our project to kind of like help lead that path into what something long-term and sustainable could be through our projects, through our ecosystem. And that's also why we align with partners that also share that vision. Obviously, Abstract.

Tommy Ngo

00:59:32

Abstract is building their ecosystems in a very similar and same way towards longevity, towards onboarding people into Web2. with the vision of like, you know, seeing the AGW creating a really unique like onboarding experience with their wallet, right? Like they're trying to do a lot of different way into things. And I think we should applaud innovation like that. For us, it's not just the chain, but it's like the communities as well. Like every project on Abstract that we've talked to, and you guys will see us talk to a lot of founders this Friday in the big tournament. So like every project we've talked to, has this like very shared I don't know like camaraderie of like we want to build something together and we want to make sure like we're all aligned in that like path and and get to like a future. We have we hosted a no well we joined Roach Racing who hosted us um for a space like a couple days ago and we were just talking about like products and games and you know how to build something fun to get more people in and so like that's the kind of like I think I think, path to real durability. It's not really one person, one founder, one project, or anything like that. It is a collective effort, but everyone has to contribute. And so for us, with Sugartown, with CORES, we want to contribute massively to that.

Camel

01:00:47

Wow, that was really well put. Thank you so much, Tommy. And thank you to everybody that joined the room. I don't think there's any more questions. I don't think there's any more comments. I don't think there's any more concerns. I think we can leave this with a big giant check mark as the best space that has ever been run in the history of history. The only thing that would have made it better is if Finn did not let Raj come. And guys, that is a recurring joke. Oh, God. Dang it, somebody else joined to ask a question. All right. One last question and then no more questions, but or a PFP privilege. That's how it works.

Phin

01:01:22

Kyle, I'm going to be answering this question, by the way. So just a heads up in advance.

SPEAKER\_12

01:01:26

Phin

01:01:41

Oh, man. So it's actually an interesting one. We put we made the executive decision to put me on there because I'm kind of the wild card, right, where it's the litmus test of how many of the players are from our community, how many are from rec decks community. So I am expecting that I actually fall in the middle or towards the end. So that's what that's I hope at least. So I'm very interested. I hope people like the game, by the way. I spent some time this morning brainstorming some of the ideas for how we're going to run it. And yeah, I hope I land in the middle, I think.

SPEAKER\_12

01:02:22

Well, I think you've got SBF beat anyway, buddy.

Phin

01:02:24

I did also just... I've got SBF beat. I think I have Gary Gensler's skeleton beat. I don't have Luka beat. I don't have CZ beat. I don't think I have Anson beat. Right? So like, that's why I'm saying like, I think I'm, I'm middle.

SPEAKER\_12

01:02:35

You think Vitalik is your competition? Is that what you're saying?

Phin

01:02:38

Oh shit, Vitalik's on there too. No, I don't think I'd be Vitalik.

Camel

01:02:41

I think you'd be Vitalik every day of the week and twice on Tuesday. You're this generation's Vitalik. And I'll be completely honest.

SPEAKER\_12

01:02:47

I did also just get an anonymous DM that said, uh, please tell Akol to give me a chance. I don't know who that might've been from. Certainly no one on stage.

Camel

01:02:56

That's crazy. It was probably Luke.

Phin

01:02:59

It was definitely Luke. I think it's like a guarantee that was Luke.

Camel

01:03:02

Yeah, it's 100%.

Phin

01:03:03

He's the only person on stage that I would expect that from.

Camel

01:03:06

Yeah, but anyways, thank you so much. Luke, I'm about to mute you. That's it, Luke. You're in trouble now. Thank you to everybody for coming in, showing in, showing out. I'm really excited for the CORES mint coming soon. Make sure you turn your notice on to the brand account. I'm going to throw it last. If anybody else has anything they want to say before I rug this, please speak now or forever hold your peace.

SPEAKER\_12

01:03:35

Love you, Camel.

Camel

01:03:36

Well, all right. I was hoping like, oh, hey, Akol, Tommy, Finn, maybe Daila could say something not like just like grunting.

acoll

01:03:42

Yeah, well, I was gonna say thanks, Kyle, for saying that I was your favorite KOL on the Sugartown team. That was really nice and always makes me happy. It's hard when you work with a super cool, awesome KOL like Camel, you know, but I think I'm okay, too. Um, but thank you guys. Thanks everyone for coming to listen. Thank you all who are participating in CORES. It's happening so soon. Mint details coming this week. So stay tuned, um, to our auras. Thank you guys for coming out. Listen, I know you've heard the same information so many times. We appreciate you guys for being with us. We appreciate you guys for rocking with us, playing our games, and we are excited to reward you all. So thank you guys for being here. But Daila, I see your hand is up.

Daila

01:04:25

Yeah, I just want to remind everybody to mint CORES because let's keep it real. If not, Camel's just going to harass you to buy him on secondary, so it really makes sense for you to go ahead and mint them and front run all the people that Camel is going to make buy on secondary anyway. So, you know, work smarter, not harder. Mint CORES.

Ely

01:04:43

Yeah, if I could just piggyback on that, I also would like to add, I think it'd be a good idea to mint CORES as well.

Phin

01:04:50

Yeah, I don't wanna like beat a dead horse. It's like not our vibe here at Abstract, but I would urge people to mint CORES as well.

SPEAKER\_12

01:04:57

Fuck that one. I'm gonna go ahead and use the COVID marketing strategy. If you don't mint CORES, then you're killing my grandmother.

Camel

01:05:04

I think that was a beautiful way to end it. So I think that's where we rug it. Thank you everybody for showing in, showing out. Make sure you get your CORES. Make sure you show in, show out to all the activations we have this week and next. It's gonna be a spicy one. I love you all. That seems like a weird way to end it, but I love you all.

00:19:26

 / 

01:05:28

Your Twitter Circle has been synced successfully!Got it